already but of which does not arrive the first day of today
barbara walker
to finish here we are
the last weekend of the king
they are called many things today in the first
we did it once and full we went to bed it's going to be complicated but
is stopped
by the way I do not think anyone knows what he wanted us to worship
and they do not have boquerones these many do not have anchovies
I wanted to celebrate there with the people of the sea
the great season they have done so we need anchovies we have asked
today that we have it a little bit later, it gets back up early
we have asked for the plane potatoes
I have the last decree madrid
when resisting
but I will see the coming season
with the feet because the Maldivian challenge improve even more
because many surprises of the return
what is important is very important the semaine we have here a winner
of the challenge maldini missing a week that decisive week
it goes with many advantages to norm you can not see salamanca usal vicelich the
make use of the money
He worked for the CIA and he is last to resume
next week
let's make a special month
honoring the winner
there has been a great level
I'm not exactly sorry for the ap for the food
what were you thinking that is bar bar bathers
the five thousand euros of help a lot but
that can not be there is an important thing is that this time down and know how
comes
flavio we have tested positive
let's see more stories with many things with surprise
because we already know how to grow at the best rates
and many more operations to have is going to look for them
so many people I bet
against dismissals
before some people have done it because I have a pretty bad run
they are all mine
Alicia Keys
before this season 2008 2009
and this major challenge
Real Madrid receives a foul the young man I have a nostalgia for the season with three
means from the barsa
the team has collapsed
very scandalous and osasuna
osasuna risked his life if he wins he saves
second the sea in that day this Monday the temporary pgr
we already know really how
was to do is to that tremendous fall rivalry
they exercise against the real madrid happened to do it to come out with the knife between
the teeth will go fishing
well to bite to start big madrid I want that area has to win
I find it hard to see what to think
in these conditions in this Osasuna game they will not receive it
1 66 practically grazing a bargain is grazing the bargain osasuna win at
Madrid
cecilia barraza 1 76 I listen to myself
of the second patio on the weekend
b against the
team that has won the triplet that night
that last night won the champions
before manchester united
and that only since last night until the president pipe the referee
although it comes in riazor
for now it is registered
I think they will pay you nation grip débora japan hurries your last
davis cup options
before a barsa that evidently
that party is no longer a process is that I lower it
I was really hangover hangover
call yourself normal that is done
to 2 with two
sport is a bargain
finally soto ochoa I also deported to win the barsa
to 2 with two
this second shock of the weekend
In very good condition
bravo with him
finally pique
and there the biggest challenge
fiorentina milan I think the Filipino win at 2 with 6 has value
that will accelerate in the form of a goal
this ends up ahead the milan
they send to the fourth place
glory for the champions league preview
the last matches has merely seems to me quite worn and low before
the fiorentina
that is more aggressive than it is true that it has losses not until felipe melo
neither bastard
they do not know the ingemmet the speaker speak
mine is worth milan to be happy
a very important detail
oltra for a single goal
Afore attention makes us win the bet but it's worth to milan for
judgment
I sincerely believe that it is a good bet to act
that the fiore get to the milan to 2 with 6 city in Milan nor the type chopped with
six
thank you very much to all
that has been my last pique, pick up someone and I want to thank everyone
your understanding when it has failed
the challenge has been like this mexico
terra classic that a lot of people do not expect hassan shehata eat
d the rest that is attracted percent
to all many that we have had all the people closely all others that you enter
in 13 of the points are betting point comparisons had criticism enough
hard
thank you also next year we will return
to which he issued harshest criticisms yet thanks also
thank you very much everyone was the Senate thanks also to all
soccer is soccer to which nobody says much in the videoblog
thank you also that God distributes luck already it is seen that next week we have
here the winner photo of the born football player
the world maldini
www dot world maldini dotcom
is a website that has among other things asked
if there is, you can see them on YouTube, many of them pointed out a lot of things
that would allow you to grow split players that remember what you want
psv point
world maldini dotcom
You can see it already because already national